At one point, we had a question
about how do you take your app and
maybe put it into a web view on iOS.
So this is a bit unrelated to Shaders and
WebGL,
but you could do this to take advantage
of some of the native extensions.
So this is maybe one of the ways in which
you could use something like ARKit and
start to do 3D AR stuff using 3GS for
the rendering but
using a ARKit on the iOS for
some of the placement.
So there is a framework called Ionic.
And there's other frameworks like this but
this is a this is one that's got
a lot of traction behind it.
And it's basically it allows you to build
out these HTML and JavaScript apps, and
then deploy those onto an iOS or Android
phone, using this WebView under the hood.
There's another one called Ejecta.
This one's pretty nice because what it
does is actually it translates a lot of
the WebGL into native OpenGL on the iOS.
And so you end up with a WebGL scene, like
the scene that we've been working on here.
But when it transpires into iOS,
it's actually using native OpenGL calls
and so it's super, super performance.
The downside is that you can't do
things like sound or things like that.
Actually, you can do sound but
you can't do things like Dom's and CSS.
So it's a bit limited, but
it's also pretty useful.
That's Ejecta.
Thanks so much.
>> [APPLAUSE]